This Privacy Policy was last updated on July 28, 2022.

Thank you for joining The Light Msg. We at The Light Msg respect your privacy and want you to understand how we collect, use, and share data about you. This Privacy Policy covers our data collection practices and describes your rights regarding your personal data.

Unless we link to a different policy or state otherwise, this Privacy Policy applies when you visit or use the The Light Msg, mobile applications, APIs, or related services (the “Services”). It also applies to prospective customers of our business and enterprise products.

By using the Services, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy. You shouldn’t use the Services if you don’t agree with this Privacy Policy or any other agreement that governs your use of the Services. 

 1. What Data We Get

We collect certain data from you directly, like information you enter yourself, data about your consumption of content, and data from third-party platforms you connect with Udemy. We also collect some data automatically, like information about your device and what parts of our Services you interact with or spend time using. All data listed in this section is subject to the following processing activities: collecting, recording, structuring, storing, altering, retrieving, encrypting, pseudonymizing, erasing, combining, and transmitting. 

 1.1 Data You Provide to Us

We may collect different data from or about you depending on how you use the Services. Below are some examples to help you better understand the data we collect.

When you create an account and use the Services, including through a third-party platform, we collect any data you provide directly, including: 

Category of Personal Data   Description     Legal Basis for Processing
Account Data    In order to use certain features (like accessing content), you need to create a user account, which requires us to collect and store your email address, password, and account settings. To create an instructor account, we collect and store your name, email address, password, and account settings. As you use certain features on the site, you may be prompted to submit additional information including occupation, government ID information, verification photo, date of birth, race/ethnicity, skill interests, and phone number. Upon account creation, we assign you a unique identifying number.     

    Performance of contract
    Legitimate interests (service provisioning, identity verification, fraud prevention and security, communication)

Profile Data    You can also choose to provide profile information like a photo, headline, biography, language, website link, social media profiles, country, or other data. Your Profile Data will be publicly viewable by others.     

    Performance of contract
    Legitimate interests (enhanced platform functionality, convey content source information)

Shared Content  Parts of the Services let you interact with other users or share content publicly, including by uploading courses and other educational content, posting reviews about content, asking or answering questions, sending messages to students or instructors, or posting photos or other work you upload. Such shared content may be publicly viewable by others depending on where it is posted.     

    Performance of contract
    Legitimate interests (service provisioning, enhanced platform functionality)

Learning Data   When you access content, we collect certain data including which courses, assignments, labs, workspaces, and quizzes you’ve started and completed; content and subscription purchases and credits; subscriptions; completion certificates; your exchanges with instructors, teaching assistants, and other students; and essays, answers to questions, and other items submitted to satisfy course and related content requirements.    

    Performance of contract
    Legitimate interests (service provisioning, enhanced platform functionality)

Student Payment Data    If you make purchases, we collect certain data about your purchase (such as your name, billing address, and ZIP code) as necessary to process your order and which may optionally be saved to process future orders. You must provide certain payment and billing data directly to our payment service providers, including your name, credit card information, billing address, and ZIP code. We may also receive limited information, like the fact that you have a new card and the last four digits of that card, from payment service providers to facilitate payments. For security, Udemy does not collect or store sensitive cardholder data, such as full credit card numbers or card authentication data.     

    Performance of contract
    Legal obligation
    Legitimate interests (payment facilitation, fraud prevention and security, compliance)
